Sts preferences update (#498)
knocklabs/docs: content/preferences/tenant-preferences.mdx

<Callout
  emoji="🚨"
  text={
    <>
      <span className="font-bold">Terminology callout.</span> This guide assumes
      you know about tenants in Knock and what they do. If you're new to
      tenants, we recommend reading our concept guide on{" "}
      <a href="/concepts/tenants">tenants</a> before continuing.
    </>
  }
/>

## Overview

Here is how tenant preferences work and the steps you'll take to implement them:

1. Enable your tenant admins to create a default `PreferenceSet` for their tenant.
2. Enable your users to override that tenant default `PreferenceSet` with their own preferences.
3. Trigger your workflows with a `tenant` parameter to apply tenant-specific preferences.

## Create per-tenant default 'PreferenceSet'

You set the default `PreferenceSet` for a tenant via the API by calling the `tenants.set` method. The preferences should follow the format of a recipient <a href="/reference#preferences"><code>PreferenceSet</code></a>.

> ```javascript title="Set the default preferences for a tenant"

Reviewer: A bit of an open-ended question about how we approach these issues generally, but are we ok with putting a `node`-only example here rather than a multilang block with all the SDKs? 

My personal preference would be to always have examples for every SDK where we can (when introducing new code examples), because they can create more work later on if we want to go back and add them

const { Knock } = require("@knocklabs/node");
const knock = new Knock(process.env.KNOCK_API_KEY);

const preferences = {
  workflows: {
    "new-comment": {
      channel_types: {
        email: false,
        sms: true,
        chat: false,
      },
    },
  },
};

await knock.tenants.set("tenant-id", {
  settings: {
    preference_set: preferences,
  },
});
```

## Set per-tenant user `PreferenceSet`

> A `PreferenceSet` has an `id`. When you [set a given user's preferences](/reference#set-preferences-user) in Knock, you set this to `default` when you want to apply the preferences universally for the user. (If you don't provide an `id`, the `default` preference set is used.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `PreferenceSet` has an `id`. When you [set a given user's preferences](/reference#set-preferences-user) in Knock, you'll use the `default` ID to apply the preferences universally for the user. When using one of our [SDKs](/sdks/overview), the `default` preference set is used if you don't provide an `id`.
```

> <Callout

Reviewer: I wonder if this callout is better placed on the Preferences Overview page? It sort of addresses some of my earlier feedback on organization.

  emoji="🚨"
  text={
    <>
      <span className="font-bold">Terminology clarification.</span> You'll
      encounter "default" in a few places in the Knock preferences model:
      <br />
      <ol>
        <li>
          At the environment-level when you set your default{" "}
          <code>PreferenceSet</code> for all users.
        </li>
        <li>
          At the tenant-level when you set the default{" "}
          <code>PreferenceSet</code> for all users in a tenant.
        </li>
        <li>
          At the user-level when you set a user's <code>PreferenceSet</code>{" "}
          without providing a tenant ID.
        </li>
      </ol>
    </>
  }
/>

> You can also set `id` to a `tenant.id` to create a `tenant`-specific preference set for the user.

Reviewer: I might add this to the end of the paragraph before the `Callout`

> ```javascript title="Set tenant preferences for a user"

Reviewer: Same question as above about multilang

const { Knock } = require("@knocklabs/node");
const knock = new Knock(process.env.KNOCK_API_KEY);

await knock.users.setPreferences("user-id", {
  id: "tenant-id",
  channel_types: {
    email: true,
    sms: false,
    chat: true,
  },
});
```

You can also get a user's tenant-specific preferences.

> ```javascript title="Get tenant preferences for a user"

Reviewer: Same comment re: multilang

const { Knock } = require("@knocklabs/node");
const knock = new Knock(process.env.KNOCK_API_KEY);

const preferences = await knock.users.getPreferences("user-id", {
  id: "tenant-id",
});
```

## Trigger per-tenant workflows

When you trigger a workflow run, you pass a `tenant` parameter to tell Knock which tenant in your application the workflow is executing for.

```javascript title="Trigger a workflow with a tenant"
const { Knock } = require("@knocklabs/node");
const knock = new Knock(process.env.KNOCK_API_KEY);

await knock.workflows.trigger("workflow-name", {
  tenant: "spotify",
});
```

The Knock workflow engine uses that `tenant` parameter to evaluate the user's `PreferenceSet`. If the user has a tenant-specific preference set, Knock uses that to determine whether to send the notification. If the user does not have a `tenant`-specific preference set, Knock uses the tenant's default preference set.

> In summary, the tenant-specific preference evaluation rules are as follows:

Reviewer: Should this and the following rules be moved under the "evaluation rules" heading?

Reviewer: Oh, realizing this is actually a duplicate and should be removed entirely.

> - When executing a workflow trigger, passing in a tenant will automatically load that tenant's default preferences for all recipients of the workflow (if a default is set)

Reviewer: I think this should be cut entirely (it's also below under the new header, and it looks like we use `tenant` there)

> - When executing a workflow trigger, passing in a tenant will automatically load that tenant's default preferences for all recipients of the workflow (if a default is set)

Reviewer: I think this should be cut entirely (it's also below under the new header, and it looks like we use `tenant` there)

> In summary, the tenant-specific preference evaluation rules are as follows:
> 
> - When executing a workflow trigger, passing in a tenant will automatically load that tenant's default preferences for all recipients of the workflow (if a default is set)
> - An individual recipient's tenant preferences are merged with the tenant's default preferences during workflow execution. The recipient’s tenant-specific preferences will always override the defaults set at the tenant level
> - If there is no preference default set on the tenant AND the recipient has no per-tenant preferences set, the recipient’s default preferences will be applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
cut (redundant to below)

## Tenant preference evaluation rules

Here are a few things to keep in mind when using tenant preferences.

> - When executing a workflow trigger, passing in a `tenant` will automatically load that tenant's default `PreferencesSet` (if one exists) for all recipients of the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When executing a workflow trigger, passing in a `tenant` will automatically load that tenant's default `PreferencesSet` (if one exists) for all recipients of the workflow. These tenant-level defaults will override a recipient's own `default` preferences.
```

> - If the recipient has any per-tenant overrides set for that tenant, they override the default preferences set at the tenant level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the recipient has any per-tenant preferences set for that `tenant.id`, they will override the tenant-level default preferences.
```

> - If there is no default `PreferenceSet` on the tenant AND the recipient has no per-tenant preferences set, the recipient’s `default` id `PreferenceSet` will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there is no default `PreferenceSet` on the tenant AND the recipient has no per-tenant preferences set, the recipient’s `default` id `PreferenceSet` will be used. As always, the recipient's `default` preferences are [merged](/preferences/overview#preference-evaluation-rules) with the environment-level preference defaults. 
```
Maybe a bit pedantic, just a thought about being as explicit as possible here.
